[EDU-4077] feat: add usage guides for console kit (#748)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/devtools/customize-console-kit/index.mdx

---
title: How to customize the Azion Console using the Console Kit
description: aaaa
meta_tags: edge, console, development, interface, vue, primevue
namespace: documentation_devtools_console_kit
menu_namespace: devtoolsMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/customize-console-kit/
---

The Azion **Console Kit** allows you to craft a custom Azion interface to fit your business needs. In this guide, you'll learn how to make some simple visual changes to the Azion Console.

> :::caution[warning]

Reviewer: Is it necessary to deploy the project to follow this guide? 

Coming from the CLI perspective:

- User will link the project to azion `azion link`
- The link commands adapts the project to azion
- The user can run it locally (no deployment required) 
- If the user wants to deploy he can do so, but it's optional.

> To follow this guide, you must first [setup your Console Kit project](/en/documentation/devtools/console-kit/#setting-up-a-project) on a forked repository in your account and [deploy the project using the Azion CLI](/en/documentation/devtools/console-kit/#deploying-the-console-kit-to-the-edge). After you clone the repository, you can work on changing the forked version of the Azion Console and deploy the project to the edge using the CLI.

Author: ```suggestion
To follow this guide, you must first [setup your Console Kit project](/en/documentation/devtools/console-kit/#setting-up-a-project) on a forked repository in your account and initialize the project using the Azion CLI. After you clone the repository, you can work on changing the forked version of the Azion Console and, if you wish, deploy the project to the edge using the CLI.
```

:::

---

## Add UI component as a callout to direct users to another page

> This example, you'll add a new UI component to a list view to draw attention an important step of a workflow process for Console users. In this case, you'll add the `InlineMessage` and `PrimeButton` components to the **Edge Applications** list view to alert your user that they must create a domain to see edge applications online, with a button action that directs users to the `create-domain` route. To do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you'll add a new UI component to a list view to draw attention to an important step of a workflow process for Console users. In this case, you'll add the `InlineMessage` and `PrimeButton` components to the **Edge Applications** list view to alert your users that they must create a domain to see edge applications online, with a button action that directs users to the `create-domain` route. To do so:
```
